Shipping & Returns
This item is subject to some delivery restrictions.
Please proceed to checkout to verify if delivery is available to your postal code.

Included: Room of Choice and Haul Away
Not Included: Setup or Basic Installation

*Before placing your order, please review our Delivery & Haul Away Requirements as certain restrictions apply.

Home Delivery
1.  Please confirm your phone number and ship-to address during the checkout process,
as this information is used to contact you for delivery arrangements.
2.  Once the product has been shipped, you will receive an order status tracking email.
This email will provide you a link through which you will be able to schedule
your delivery date and track your order.
3. Deliveries must be scheduled within 30 days of receiving your ship
confirmation scheduling email. If the order is not scheduled within this
timeframe the order may be cancelled and refunded.
4.  If you do not schedule your delivery using the link the delivery agent
will make 3 attempts to contact you by phone and a final 4th attempt will be
made to the email address on file. If no response to these attempts is
received, your order may be cancelled.

as a signature is required for all deliveries.  The driver is unable to
complete delivery without a signed delivery receipt.
6. Deliveries are made between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. Monday
through Friday (May vary by region).

Your 3-hour window will be provided to you the day prior
to delivery by 8:00pm Local Time
7. Upon delivery, please inspect your item(s). You will be required
to sign a Proof of Delivery receipt. Please note any damage to the
item or packaging on the delivery receipt or, if refusing delivery
due to damage, please note refused due to damage on this receipt.

Delivery is subject to reasonable access to the area without damaging
the purchaser's property or the product, or jeopardizing the safety of
the delivery personnel.  Please check the measurements to make sure
access will be available. In the event suitable access is not available,
the delivery agent reserves the right to terminate delivery. Should this occur,
the purchaser must contact Costco.ca for a refund.

Extraordinary delivery conditions may require an additional fee to be paid.

SHOP CONFIDENTLY
We are committed to offering the best value to our members,
with a risk-free 100% satisfaction guarantee on both your membership
and merchandise. If you have questions about your membership or products
you've purchased at Costco, please visit the membership counter at your
local Costco or Contact Customer Service.

Costco.ca products can be returned to any of our more than 800 Costco warehouses worldwide.

View Costco's Return Policy.
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
X-DSPAM-Result: Innocent
X-DSPAM-Confidence: 0.8475
X-Content-Type-Message-Body: text/plain
X-Plane is behind the schedule: two hours